review	TAGGING
Works as described.  Would purchase from again. 	1
It&apos;s a very good phone and very good seller. I face a problem and he react immetiatly. He have perfect prices. He is one of the best ebay seller i did business with. Tonia	1
Great phone. Love the battery life. I am an Android believer again. :)	1
Super fast shipping! Item just as described! Perfect purchase! 	1
"One of the easiest reviews to write. The build or overall construction of the Blackberry 9810 is solid and of very high quality. Most of the construction is metal and rubber. The buttons feel great and solid even with large fingers. The glass is clear and seems to resist scratching even when in your pocket with other items. Battery life is excellent and re-charge every couple of days. The operating system is fluid and without flaw, clear precise graphics, nice large screen which is touch or with the use of the mouse pad which is also perfect in construction. The apps load fast and multi-tasking is super easy. Email and messaging is the best on the market and is what made Blackberry the choice for business.     Originally purchased to work and has become my most dependable solid phone as of yet. When I travel I use the built in WiFi to stay connected. Unlocked my phone so I can use any sim card which is nice about GSM phones. Built in memory is great but you can also expand it with a card. Video and photographs are more than sufficient to get the point across.     The torch is already a few years old but has aged with grace, still has all the features and social media you need to keep in contact. Pop mail is super easy to set up and Blackberry takes care of configuring it all. All in all this is a perfect phone."	1
"I bought it because it was cheap and in decent condition. Phone works fine, had wear and tear like described."	1
Thanks for the awesome experience and wonderful service. Love the phone.	1
"Thank you so much, Im very pleased with this mobile.  y display was crased on my old one, but now I have repair it because I find this mobilephone.    :)"	1
Producto excelente 	1
I was extremely disappointed it said it was unlocked and is not I am having a horrible time in Canada trying to get this phone unlocked and able to work horrible value for the money	0
"expectacular  awesome  wonderfull, however u should put more options on camera, but i love it  its big  its slimmer  and have style, it is a phone you can take and show friends"	1
I bought the Huawei Ascend M860 - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone because Metro PCS does not sell it anymore.I really love it and I was very surprise how it looks &quot;Brand New&quot;. The price was right and I got it right away.  I am so happy that I bought it and I will recommended buying anything from this vendor.	1
"Great service, amazing communication!!! "	1
IPhone XR 256 GB Brand New	1
"Ship late, dose not reply to question why was it late. When it should have bee deliver 10/30. Now have to wait till November. "	0
very good phone thanksssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss	1
I bought this phone to have a nice flip phone to use.  Perfect match......I hope to keep it for years!	1
Great phone for a reasonable price.   Really easy to activate.  It came as advertised and really looked better than I thought it would.	1
Good product and would buy again 	1
"The phone is awesome! I have been a long time apple customer, but I think apples prices on their phones is getting a little crazy. I thought I would miss home button , but pretty much use side button instead. Love face recognition, it just signs u in to everything without having to do anything. Love wireless charging as well. "	1
I have no problems with the phone is very fast and smooth better than my Samsung are used to have that	1
Awesome Phone works extremely well...	1
"excellent deal the seller  immediate attention and flawless optimal product and components 100 % original , unbeatable price recommended 100% buy from mexico functionality and everything came to perfection"	1
Phone was in great condition except for cracked screen. Good thing I had extra screen	1
"I was looking for the best value to add time to my Tracfone and I liked the plans that were good for a year. I found this package deal for the LG Treasure and 1350 minutes, 1350 texts, and 1350 megabytes of data for $79.95. The card to add time and minutes to my old phone was $99.95 for the one year plan and it only came with 1200 minutes and 1200 texts. This was a great deal and the LG Treasure is a great phone. It is larger than my old phone which is great for an old man and has all the features that my wife's phone from the big carrier has. Thank you Tracfone! "	1
"This is pretty much the best phone at the price point of $100-150 right now. Flagship build quality, awesome cameras, 4gb of ram is plenty and still the amount being used in the newest pixels. The snapdragon 821 is very fast, no hiccups or lag.  The audio quality out of the headphone jack is great. MicroSD storage expansion is present as well. Plus the phone is waterproof!!   With the 3300mAh battery I get 4-6 hours or screen on time with LTE over the course of a day. This is double the battery life I got with my G5.  "	1
"I love it!!!!!, the most wonderful smartphone. Easy, fast.my husband recommended it to me. Dislike??, anything, EVERYTHING is beautiful"	1
The phone looks very nice and it feels good in my hand. The  back is slightly curved. The  buttons are conveniently placed. ( not like my Lg ) although they're on opposite sides from my other phones.            ( Samsung ) The screen feels nice under your finger and is very clear and bright the colors are vibrant. The Ram is adequate as is the internal memory ( you can add more if you wish ). The operation is faster and smoother than my Lg because there is no lag.  Now for the not so good things. I don't  think you can send a scheduled text without installing s separate application. The battery could have more capacity. The bezel around the screen should stick up above the glass to minimize scratching. The battery should be removable so that it can easily be replaced and to reboot the phone. It's profile could be smaller there is a lot of unused screen. Of course making it smaller would change the way it sits in your hand. Overall this phone is very nice in every way. It looks expensive but it's not. It is in my opinion a very good value. Well worth the money and defiantly worth looking at. 	1
"got this as an exact replacement for the same phone whose screen cracked.  Still a great phone, even as a 2013 model.  I love the small form factor. "	1
"I love this phone. I do not need to see a million screens before I press a button. I do need to worry about dropping it, like a smart phone. I have internet at home, so I don&apos;t need to have it on my phone. I like that it has buttons and it is easy to put contact information. So much more..."	1
"Great cell phone, my father is happy"	1
I think this phone is great.its fair no cracks and cheap I might buy it 	1
"So far so good. Been a month with no issues unlike the old LG I had. No bloat ware, good reliable phone at a great price. "	1
Zero score for this piece of junk not as described. Seller not to be trusted for any product.	0
"Amazing, exactly what was advertised"	1
This is the fastest phone I've ever seen. Faster then my iPhone x and the camera is AMAZING	1
Phone was delivered quickly. And basically brand new. I was able to get hooked up with present cell carrier. 5 stars 	1
"They shipped the product HOURS NOT DAYS after me submitting my order. Now I haven't gotten the phone yet but IK I'm going to love it because I know it's a great phone that will just get stuff done, that's really all Blackberrys are for and my IPhone keeps wasting wayyyy too much of my time so I figured I'd try and make a switch back to the trackball and kayboard days . Will have an update soon!  "	1
Phone has slight screen burn as advertised. Other than that its flawless. Using it to write this review.. 	1
Liked it so much I recommended it to couple family members and helped them find them. 	1
"The HTV One V features a 3.7&quot; (480 x 800) touch screen display, and is powered by a 1 GHz processor and 512 MB of RAM, as well as 4 GB of internal storage. It also features a 5 MP Camera with LED Flash capable of 720p HD recording. The HTC One V runs on Android OS 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich as well as the newest HTC Sense v4.0 for full interface customization and social networking integration."	1
This is a great IPhone  	1
Great phone.  Easy to use. Long battery life.	1
GREAT WORK PHONE	1
Classic Phone Great features for the time. Excellent battery Life. Gets great siginal. Nokia use to make phones like this they don&apos;t anymore. If only phones were durable as they tbey use to be.	1
This phone has one of the largest screens in proportion to body.  I've had about ten of these.  Most were refurbished from eBay.  Many had problems receiving GPS signals.  One had a touchscreen issue.  They were easy to diagnose and return for a refund.  But the two that work well are the best phones ever!	1
This is an old fashioned flip phone.  I have been using this same model for years and have had to replace them several times but I know how to use it and have no desire to learn how to use a smart phone. All  I want to do is make and receive calls.	1
"Good seller,  the 7 plus is as described ."	1
Deliver Time and quality of item on high level. Thank to seller.	1
Great service and fast shipping. Exactly as described. 	1
GREAT PHONE READ ALL REVIEWS GETS SOMEWHAT OF A BAD RAP COMPAIRED TO OTHER TYPES OF PHONES....GREAT PHONE 5/5.....	1
"graphics are awsome, sd card slot and less then half price of sk65... best of all its a world phone so can be used anywhere, i personally like sl65 and sk65 as well there all top line phones but for the money s65 beats them all.."	1
"Everything is fine, everything works"	1
This phone is perfect... Fast shipping.... And perfect condition.... I really loved ..... 	1
"It&apos;s easy to use, looks great and has many features/apps available for it. I love the camera quality (in my opinion, it takes better pictures than some point and shoot digital cameras I&apos;ve seen). I also like how easy it is for me to check my email, Facebook, etc. It&apos;s like having my laptop with me wherever I go!"	1
"  ,      .    ...."	1
It's phone: Nothing more. nothing less.	1
"I got some of this phone from my business partner, and it's still working good with me over 5 months."	1
"Yes this phone is from 1999, but it can actually still be activated on Pageplus. Basically anywhere VZW works, this thing will.   The battery last for days, even from the 1999 stock.   It's super thin compared to most device from this erra, and fits well in your pocket. Sound quality is also Excellent. They don't make things the way they used to!"	1
"Let me first just say that my Nokia N72 is about 1-2 years old now. It has held up quite well since the day I first got it, and even after being dropped on the floor countless times, even down the stairs once, it still looks good as new.    The camera has decent quality, and it also allows you to edit the photos in various ways. The built in calendar and alarm are useful, and so is the video/photo album. It has everything I could ask for, and the quality of everything on this phone is  great! I had a Samsung phone before this one, and the Nokia certainly beats it in terms of photo quality, ease of use, and the speakerphone is better.    In conclusion: Nice, attractive, easy to use, solid phone!"	1
I&apos;ve had this phone for almost 2 years now. I have never had a problem with it. The tracfone service has very good coverage in my area. The battery life in this phone is good too.	1
Phone arrived promptly and is in excellent condition. Good quality charger and cable was included. Moved SIM card from my old phone and so far everything I tried is working perfectly	1
works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine v v works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine v works fine v v  works fine works fine works fine works fine works fine	1
"I love this phone. It has all the features I love in a android phone. The price was great, it couldn&apos;t be beat. The only thin is the speakers are not very good. It was hard to hear it ringing. Other than that, it was a great phone."	1
Case arrived very quickly and is perfect. Thanks for everything you guys are the best!	1
Still not receive my nokia3310seller no reply and cant givevme tracking no.	0
It is a good deal for a used device.	1
"This phone is the best phone I have had thus far.  I used to have to carry my Ipod and my cellphone but this phone is like the baby of them both. (an Ipod and cellphone in one)  The MP3 player is very loud, battery has a long life (especially with the amount of features on it).  You can program your phone to block numbers that are not on your call list and I can still send and receive text messages while I am roaming.   I highly recommend this phone."	1
"I sent this phone   to Mexico  and it doesn't work over there ,and there's nothing they can do to make it work"	0
"Im in a bit of economic hardship, this product is currently not possible to purchase, thank you for your interest.see you later friend."	1
"Very fast shipping, I received in 3 days , and love it thank you so much "	1
This cell phone is great. Even do dont have camera or video but have one think what i need the most no matter where i am always have service and i drop this phone with bathtub full of water and guess what still working. I have htc too but mostly using nokia cant complain bout it :)	1
NÌtido Bien de Bien n	1
Perfect condition its new	1
because the seller gave everything i need to know about the item. The Nokia 2720 is perfect...and the seller was clear with the his/her answers.	1
"Item just as described. Very quick delivery. Easy transaction, thanks."	1
Perfect condition!  Very nice.  Fast shipping.  Thank you  	1
"I love my 6s plus! It's so sleek, beautiful form. The phone works fast and I am very happy will this product, will totally recommend. This seller responds quickly and is really caring about the customers satisfaction! I give him more than a 5 star rating! Will totally buy again! Thank you!"	1
"Blackberry Hub was still alive with Android OS. I felt that the key touch of PRIV is shallow, but it doesn't matter if get used to it. For Japanese input, SwiftKey is recommended!! "	1
Dear good seller Thanks for phone we appreciated the deal.see you next time 	1
Brand new as said never open Beautiful phone	1
"The phone looks better then I expected, fully working battery&apos;s life is very good, so im realy happy with this phone, thanks a lot!"	1
"Love the way it looks. Everyone stops me to ask where did I get it. Very nice phone, I would buy it again no hesitation. It looks so much bigger in the pictures, I was surprised of its size when I got it home, I expected it to be big but no. GREAT phone."	1
Phone is awesome.!! Couldnt have asked for a better deal. Thank you...	1
"Item as described, very pleased with purchase. "	1
"Phone in great condition and the skin looks awesome on phone.  Absolutely nothing negative to say...even the box, car/house chargers, and usb cable as well as earphones are in wonderful condition.  I love everything about it.  ..muchas gracias."	1
The iPhone 8 I received was in excellent condition. Like new. Unable to comment on the battery as of now. I have no cell service where I live so the battery tends to drain quicker. All else is good. Received on time.	1
good phone better than my last has all functions on and working better     this phone came very quickly and all information is correct	1
I recommend it is an excellent seller very responsible	1
"better then any iPhone by far features rich for most people and old folks. if you are just looking for a regular smart phone similar like the iPhone than gets this you will not be disappointed, under 60 dollars is a steal for this type of phone and your lucky and gets the 2.1 rom version, possibility is endless"	1
Phone was delivered in a couple of days as promised. Phone is in good condition cosmetically and all functions are in good working condition. I am very satisfied with this product.	1
I&apos;ve used this phone for 1 year and had excelent service with all of its great features. until I left sprint now my service sucks:-(	1
Loved the phone had a problem with first one.Great sevice No problems  returning and got my second phone pretty fast.I will buy from them again.  I even got to talk with a real person not someone from inda.	1
buy it via eBay 	1
The phone was in good condition as it was mentioned in the description. It was a bit slow delivery to canada from usa.   I love the product.  Thanks	1
"Great phone. handy   never leave the house with out it  manage all your e-mail, seach the net text and more"	1
"Businessman phone. Love the Scanwritr Pro app, which turns photos into high quality editable pdf documents."	1
Sometimes it restart.i don't why. Other is OK 	1
DURABLE DEPENDABLE TOUGH ENOUGH TO STAND UP TO MY GENERAL USE~! HARDLY WANT ANY OTHER PHONE~!!!	1
Out of every prepaid phone I have ever purchased the Net10 LG has been my favorite and have had no issues with my service provider.	1
I'm very happy with my G4 Play so far. I've only had it for a few days but it seems to be great bang for the buck!	1
"I have owned a minimum of 7 LG phones starting way back with the G2, each generation of LG phone builds on the other until the Thinq series evolved, these are great phones. Industry know it alls highly rate this specific phone the V40. Really neat upgrade transitioning to the latest V50 Thinq. LG proves you do not have to pay two arms and legs to have the best tech!"	1
this is excellent but is it all a joke i mean ive wanted a blackberry for ages and then it said on this one its only a couple of quid is this real.	1
phone is great husband is so satified with the phone he is a taxi driver so it will be used well thanks again	1
Never had a issue from activation.   And.  Its  iPhone best brand and its our brand get one	1
Love it! Major upgrade from my iPhone 6. 	1
It's for my son. He likes it very much. Great value. 	1
"I wanted another 4 with more capacity, the 4s was a great value with more features with a similar operating format, greater storage to handle some of the newer apps. overall I think it was just what I was looking for. Shipping from seller was fast and efficient. Battery life was not as I expected but it is performing more tasks than I planned to do."	1
Excelente telefono el lg g3. 	1
Best service. Good product. 	1
"Just what I have been looking for. My husband is 40% blind and has arthritis so the touch screens are out. He likes the flip phones with buttons and I like getting on the internet, so it is the best of both worlds for us that is sold in the USA. I had been looking at something out of country until I found this phone."	1
"I ordered the phone and was in a hurry, it shipped fast and included everything. The packaging was very protective and the seller delivers on promises."	1
"Nothing better than a Nexus/Pixel phone.  These are a super value at under $100, and all with Android 8.1.  "	1
"Better price than in store, quick shipping , Thank you ."	1
"When I purchase this phone the week after it was available for purchase I notice something very important. The signal was great. Many places  I use to not have signal I have and places I use to have poor signal now I have strong signal. Now many of my family have the same 640 as a result. Plus is a Microsoft phone and synchronize perfectly with my surface.  I have many windows phone over the last 10 years Palm, HTC, Nokia, Now Microsoft  For me the signal is the most important and this is one of the best I had. Thank You!"	1
"Im in a bit of economic hardship, this product is currently not possible to purchase, thank you for your interest.see you later friend."	1
"il est petit, on peut le mettre facilement dans la poche, n&apos;a pas le wifi, mais franchement on s&apos;en passe, les sms et mms sont largement suffisant,l&apos;appareil photo est bien sans plus,pour mettre une chanson en sonnerie il ne faut pas qu&apos;elle soit trop volumineuse"	1
Nice phone and easy to use and great big phone. I love the phone is name brands and I love Sprint. I like the phone and its great to use over seas. Its a great phone to use if you are an older individual and need an easy phone.	1
Is a pleasure do bussines with him	1
What do you think of this product? very good! Write a review to help your fellow eBay members decide which product to purchase.	1
"This phone is excellent except  for one thing: battery. Easy to use, great for checking emails or ebay bidding or gtalk. But I advise to buy an extra battery."	1
I received the phone quickly with no issues. It was new in the box as stated by the seller. I have owned several Samsung Galaxy S4's and think they are good phones for the price.	1
cool design comfortable and stylish good menu of many functions RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
"Very reasonably priced, very simple to use!!"	1
"Firm very inflexible as to warranty.  I ordered before going on business trip that went past 30 day warranty period.  Asked for extension.  Was told no.  Suggest ordering only if certain to be able to receive and test phone.  Otherwise, a great buy."	1
Works great  way better then I thought it would be   Great phone great price  Fast shipping 	1
Excellent condition.. already unlocked.. you cant get anything better tha an iPhone when it comes to cellular phones.	1
Bought the phone is super fast does not freeze like lg flex i use to have battery last long and it charges super fast great price big screen 	1
great seller!!! good packaging and product corresponds to the description !!! I am very glad. I recommend! 	1
Like new really great Phone 	1
Thanks for quick process and shipping out as soon ass possible.  Very please to do business with you.  thank you	1
"great phone ,  i bought three different kinds of phones and this is the only one that worked perfectly (:"	1
Just as described.  Brand new in box!! Fast shipping only 2 days!! 	1
Excellent condition fast shipping great price very happy	1
Paid $50 for this used. It came in really good shape. This is actually my third one the first 2 were actually stolen and sold on eBay so beware and check ESN #s. I love the screen and gives great picture and video. Internet works great. Pretty comfortable in the hand to hold. Its a really attractive phone for the price.  If this one broke I would buy another one of the same exact phone. 	1
I bought Huaweria x u9000 for my personal use. I would say that this is AWESOME!!! excelent mobile. cheap and well-working. It arrived very fast an i am very pleased with this product. if i had money i would buy it again. when i showed it to my friends they were very surprised and wanted to buy it for themselves as well. this phone is very nice and most important it is very cheap.	1
It works great for a few weeks! The shipping was fast too! 	1
Excelente condiciones llego super r·pido gracias	1
"Hallo, What do you mean, The phone will not work with Sprint ? What is the Sprint? I live in Germany, dose it work here? Thanks "	1
"Quadro core 1,5 Ghz, Adreno 320, 2 Gb RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 2 (front and back), average Antutu benchmark result is 17000, 318 dpi, stylish (especially due to the back panel), 4,7 inch display, 8 Mpx camera (1,3 Mpx front camera), latest Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean, lowest price amongst all other phones with same characteristics - those are the features I bought this smartphone for"	1
Great seller. Product in very acceptable condition. 	1
5 stars for the seller for my experience	1
"I have recieved the item and I am very happy with it. Had some trouble with the mialing system but, he got it handled very quickly which it is not his fault. I will buy from him again in the future."	1
"Love animojis , the OLED display is out of this world "	1
" I need this card, but I live in Japan. Can you send it to me?  Asus Zenfone 3 Laser zc551kl  "	1
i love it the best go phone ive had	1
Thank you! I love my new Samsung	1
"The phone is like brand new, delivery was very quick well before the stated times quoted.  Overall iam very happy and will deal with this supplier again ,I highly recommend them. Thank you."	1
